Looking backwards feels rough, i can feel my heart pounding just as i was back in my old condition. I remember that it was just me, stuck in my own head, with no outside influence but through the digital madness i was propagandized. 

Writing your feeling feels weird, making you wonder if are you writing this to express or to seek for validation.

I am crying because I miss her so much, i think of her every night, she changed her profile pic and that makes me wonder if she has move on yet and that makes me feel sad, i want her to be with me but i myself is so indecisive that the thought of us being together which i cannot visualize, i know i did it first, i dumped her which i regret so much and i think its for the better, but i regret it, i regret knowing her, i regret continuing this life, i made a decision to end it when i was about to be 18 but i never did. I was scared of the thought of dying, of suffering, of seeing those who suffered from that hospital when i got hospitalized when i was not eating for days, and i thought overtime it will be easy, but it wasn't, seeing yourself into a situation where you really cant fix the things sucks, i wish i was not born at all, that to only exist to suffer is so exhausting. I wanted to end this suffering a long time ago, but i cant. Maybe i should move on, maybe i should continue moving on. 

My left wrist feels tense the whole time writing this.



It is 5pm in the afternoon and just finished watching "Enternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind" and it resonated with me so much. 

I've been trying to move on after we broke up but I find it hard to forget her, i dont want to forget her

I did made that decision cause i thought it would be better for her not to be with me, and i also find it hard that her trope was getting in my mind so much, that she might replace me with another guy, i do want that for her, a stable guy with a goal in his mind and certainly that's not me. But i want to be with her, i want to be that guy, so i try to be but i already did the decision to leave her