Its 6 in the evening, im thinking about all the words that I've said to her, i shouldn't have told her that, i noticed that when im around her, she does change me and i dont notice it

She do trigger my bipolar tendencies and i dont notice it at all, i love her so much that im willing to become gay to be with her. She shared a fb post telling that shes intersex. Well, i dont care at all, i mean, i care a lot but i doesn't really matter what gender she is or he is, all i care is she is good to me, and i think this is the toxicity of me, i should care for her also, the world doesn't revolves around me and i should be empathetic about her feelings

She does matter to me, they matter. Im scared of losing her, even though i am really not into trans, but i want her/him. I do want them. 

Im so selfish

Its 6:47 in the evening. "A spring without you is coming" notes from her friend, which just triggered the sadness deep within me. I dont know what to say nor what to do anymore, i really dont want to lose her, i love her so much, i dont know what my future will be nor what future would hold me, i just want to be with her, i dont care about anything, i only want to be with her. 

Im fucking angry right now and also sad, this life doesnt really care about your own feelings, i hate how loud the music is in this home, i just want to be alone, i want a peaceful life. Everytime that this happen, it just trigger the pain, the pain that i cant really explain, its inside of me, i dont rally know but it happens when im very sad, it makes your body feels numb, like you've been electrified or some sort, and my wrist feels so tensed, i dont know, it just feels tense. I remeber this happened to me when i got so emotionally drained, when i was maybe in grade 8, i dont know, it just happen when im sad. And im sad because i think im not going to see her again, i dont want to lose her, i dont want to forget her. 

I feel like they're just making fun of me, of how hurt i am right now, I've been crying the whole week, everynight, idk, i miss her, i want to be okay.