It doesn't really matter whatever you do.

You are scared and will always be scared, people doesn't care about how you feel just like what you do. We only think about the feelings of our own, disregarding everyones. Though, you might feel guilty of doing such things. But that is life.

You dont want to get into it, but you crave for the meaning. And each time you discover some things, it hurts you, physically.

You dont want to lose her but it is certain. You only not lose her but she used you. You don't matter. You are a product. You are a pig, ready to be butchered. Manipulated to be consumed.

You are scared of the inevitable, that she will dump you. Chained inside the linked memories, unable to resist the tension of the past. It drastically change you, you are not who you wanted to be, but experience molded who you become.

You are worthless. Like a hungered dog beaten up in the feast of others. Salivating each time the collision between the teeth and the spoon. 

---
Its 7 in the morning and I just re-read all my journals. i just noticed how hyperfixated i am to her. i cant rid of her out of my mind. she was all that i've been thinking in this past months

i guess i am the problem. i should stop thinking of her, or maybe i should stop thinking at all. she is the only person i can rely with, i don't have any other people to express what i truly feel and i don't want new people. i am comfortable with her, and only with her. but it makes me feel sad, super sad, when she's with company with other someone. this is the negativity for my part, that all i think is for my self.

i only write my journal when im sad, the feeling when its by the reason of her. but not her fault, i dont blame her for anything.

i always think i should get all the miseries in life, it would not complete me without the sufferings i felt. similar to the pavlov dog experiment, i salivate to suffering, i wanted to suffer, it feels i deserve to suffer. it always has been. 

i am waiting for something to break me apart. i am always suicidal, but not suicidal that wanted to kill myself. it is a type of suicidal that kills my own feelings. that i myself feels full when others emptied me. though i always have wanted to kill my self before, but i cant stand to end it an instant, i want enough misery to consume me, i guess i have stockholm syndrome, or maybe a mental disorder(?) but its fine, i guess.

i want my left wrist to snap with all of this feelings i felt.
